this was the best jobs they had because
of Honduras at the end of the first
staff had done everything very very much
right and they don't fail short they
have a soccer goal catch Sweden you see
on the sweeter side of stretched and
this little brass was players got the
genuine ability to hurt Sweden and these
perseverance and its skill combined to
lengthen up the scoring and give him
juris and lead and to be fair it was
pretty much deserved try to play them
offside fail miserably at the back
Sweden and they get punished for it and
at that stage you're thinking what have
Sweden got what have Sweden got the can
bring them back into the game
they labored a bit of the start of the
second half is well--very
the Swedes they came out we were looking
for the changes to the team nothing
there nothing doing and what you thought
what your instruction presumably would
have been to Honduras come out and do
the same as you done in the in the first
half so it is then don't you know don't
go chasing what I saw this was the run
the late run of the number ten watching
top of the screen here is lovely little
ball so Taku stroke to the eyes with the
pass so he's looking across the field he
cuts it right back without looking in
the direction is passing and it's a
wonderful little combination watch them
watching look with your eyes would pass
another direction wonderful first time
from racket and I think it's a Gulf
Sweden certainly deserve so two great
goals we've seen here Velazquez and this
equalizer from Iraqi we haven't seen
your face we save the best for last
okay berserk over ibraheem a bitch is
back he'll gone out there's nothing
building here Stromberg the subs a bit
made he selects and then here it comes
it's just genius if you do it genius if
you've got it flaunt it I know yeah
absolutely
you know what I want to see my striker
do stuff like that in and around the six
auerbach if he was old enough to drink
my beers to be on he be we wouldn't be
buying many of them tonight in the
bother
he isn't old enough to drink so good
keep it like that he's being interviewed
at the moment just stared Davalos he's
got a smile a big one